#sidebar TableOfContents

Class header file: [http://code.google.com/p/bwta/source/browse/trunk/include/BWTA/BaseLocation.h# BWTA/BaseLocation.h]

A BaseLocation a position on the map where it makes sense to place a base (i.e. near minerals).

Methods:

  * [#getPosition getPosition]
  * [#getTilePosition getTilePosition]
  * [#getRegion getRegion]
  * [#minerals minerals]
  * [#gas gas]
  * [#getMinerals getMinerals]
  * [#getStaticMinerals getStaticMinerals]
  * [#getGeysers getGeysers]
  * [#getGroundDistance getGroundDistance]
  * [#getAirDistance getAirDistance]
  * [#isIsland isIsland]
  * [#isMineralOnly isMineralOnly]
  * [#isStartLocation isStartLocation]

=== getPosition ===
[http://code.google.com/p/bwapi/wiki/BWAPIManual BWAPI]::[http://code.google.com/p/bwapi/wiki/Misc#Position Position] getPosition() const;

Returns the position of the center of the base location.

=== getTilePosition ===
[http://code.google.com/p/bwapi/wiki/BWAPIManual BWAPI]::[http://code.google.com/p/bwapi/wiki/Misc#TilePosition TilePosition] getTilePosition() const;

Returns the tile position of the base location.

=== getRegion ===
[Region]{{{*}}} getRegion() const;

Returns the region the base location is in.

=== minerals ===
int minerals() const;

Returns the total mineral resource count of all accessible mineral patches.

=== gas===
int gas() const;

Returns the total gas resource count of all accessible vespene geysers.

=== getMinerals ===
const std::set<[http://code.google.com/p/bwapi/wiki/BWAPIManual BWAPI]::[http://code.google.com/p/bwapi/wiki/Unit Unit]{{{*}}}> &getMinerals();

Returns the set of accessible mineral patches near the base location.

=== getStaticMinerals ===
const std::set<[http://code.google.com/p/bwapi/wiki/BWAPIManual BWAPI]::[http://code.google.com/p/bwapi/wiki/Unit Unit]{{{*}}}> &getStaticMinerals() const;

Returns the set of all mineral patches near the base location, including mined out and invisible ones.

=== getGeysers ===
const std::set<[http://code.google.com/p/bwapi/wiki/BWAPIManual BWAPI]::[http://code.google.com/p/bwapi/wiki/Unit Unit]{{{*}}}> &getGeysers() const;

Returns the set of vespene geysers near the base location. If the set is empty, the base location is mineral only.

=== getGroundDistance ===
double getGroundDistance(BaseLocation{{{*}}} other) const;

Returns the ground (walking) distance to the given base location. If its impossible to reach the given base location from the current one, this will return a negative value.

=== getAirDistance ===
double getAirDistance(BaseLocation{{{*}}} other) const;

Returns the air (flying) distance to the given base location.

=== isIsland ===
bool isIsland() const;

Returns true if the base location not in not reachable by ground from any other base location.

=== isMineralOnly ===
bool isMineralOnly() const;

Returns true if the base location is mineral-only.

=== isStartLocation ===
bool isStartLocation() const;

Returns true if the base location is a start location.